feat: static section and updated yml in zerops guide (#8496)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/deploy/zerops.mdx

This guide will walk you through seting up and deploying both Static and SSR Astro sites on Zerops.

:::tip[Astro x Zerops Quickrun]

Want to test running Astro on Zerops without installing or setting up anything? Using repositories [Zerops x Astro - Static](https://github.com/zeropsio/recipe-astro-static) or [Zerops x Astro - SSR on Node.js](https://github.com/zeropsio/recipe-astro-static) you can deploy example Astro site with a single click.

:::

Running apps on Zerops requires two steps:
1. Creating a project
2. Triggering build & deploy pipeline

:::note
One Zerops project can contain multiple Astro sites.
:::

## Astro Static site on Zerops

### Creating a project and a service for Astro Static
Projects and services can be added either through a [`Project add`](https://app.zerops.io/dashboard/project-add) wizard or imported using a yaml structure:

```yaml
# see https://docs.zerops.io/references/import for full reference
project:
  name: recipe-astro
services:
  - hostname: app
    type: static
```

This will create a project called `recipe-astro` with a Zerops Static service called `app`.

### Deploying your Astro Static site

> The `app` service is now ready for our code. Since Astro static doesn't require any changes to the code, the only thing we need to do is add `zerops.yml` to our repository, which tells Zerops how to build and run your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tell Zerops how to build and run your site, add a `zerops.yml` to your repository:
```

    # see https://docs.zerops.io/references/zeropsyml for full reference
    zerops:
      - setup: app
        build:
          base: nodejs@20
          buildCommands:
            - yarn
            - yarn build
          deployFiles:
            - dist/~
        run:
          base: static
    ```
    </Fragment>
  </PackageManagerTabs>

Now you can [trigger the build & deploy pipeline using CLI](#trigger-the-pipeline-using-zerops-cli-zcli) or by connecting the `app` service with your [GitHub](https://docs.zerops.io/references/github-integration/) / [GitLab](https://docs.zerops.io/references/gitlab-integration) repository from inside the service detail.

## Astro SSR site on Zerops

### Creating a project and a service for Astro SSR (Node.js)
Projects and services can be added either through a [`Project add`](https://app.zerops.io/dashboard/project-add) wizard or imported using a yaml structure:

```yaml
# see https://docs.zerops.io/references/import for full reference
project:
  name: recipe-astro
services:
  - hostname: app
    type: nodejs@20
```

This will create a project called `recipe-astro` with Zerops Node.js service called `app`.

### Deploying your Astro SSR site

> The `app` service is now ready for our code. Zerops uses the official [Astro Node.js adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node) in `standalone` mode, so update your `astro.config.mjs` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `app` service is now ready for our code. Zerops uses the official [Astro Node.js adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) in `standalone` mode, so update your `astro.config.mjs` accordingly.
```

> The `app` service is now ready for our code. Zerops uses the official [Astro Node.js adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) in `standalone` mode, so update your `astro.config.mjs` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tell Zerops how to build and run your site using the official [Astro Node.js adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) in `standalone` mode, add a `zerops.yml` file to your repository:
```

> The only thing left after is to add `zerops.yml` to our repository, which tells Zerops how to build and run your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    # see https://docs.zerops.io/references/zeropsyml for full reference
    zerops:
      - setup: app
        build:
          base: nodejs@20
          buildCommands:
            - pnpm i
            - pnpm run build
          deployFiles:
            - dist
            - package.json
            - node_modules
        run:
          base: nodejs@20
          ports:
            - port: 3000
              httpSupport: true
          envVariables:
            PORT: 3000
            HOST: 0.0.0.0
          start: pnpm start
    ```
    </Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="yarn">
    ```yaml title="zerops.yml"
    # see https://docs.zerops.io/references/zeropsyml for full reference
    zerops:
      - setup: app
        build:
          base: nodejs@20
          buildCommands:
            - yarn
            - yarn build
          deployFiles:
            - dist
            - package.json
            - node_modules
        run:
          base: nodejs@20
          ports:
            - port: 3000
              httpSupport: true
          envVariables:
            PORT: 3000
            HOST: 0.0.0.0
          start: yarn start
    ```
    </Fragment>
  </PackageManagerTabs>

> Now you can [trigger the build & deploy pipeline using CLI](#trigger-the-pipeline-using-zerops-cli-zcli) or by connecting the `app` service with your [GitHub](https://docs.zerops.io/references/github-integration/) / [GitLab](https://docs.zerops.io/references/gitlab-integration) repository from inside the service detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build and Deploy

Now you can trigger the build & deploy pipeline using the Zerops CLI (`zcli`) or by connecting the `app` service with your [GitHub](https://docs.zerops.io/references/github-integration/) / [GitLab](https://docs.zerops.io/references/gitlab-integration) repository from inside the service detail.
```

> ## Trigger the pipeline Using Zerops CLI (zcli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger the pipeline Using Zerops CLI (zcli):
```

</Steps>

## Resources

> - [Create Zerops account](https://app.zerops.io/registration)
> - [Zerops Documentation](https://docs.zerops.io)
> - [Zerops Astro recipe](https://app.zerops.io/recipe/astro)
> - [Community blog: Deploying Astro to Zerops in 3 mins](https://medium.com/@arjunaditya/how-to-deploy-astro-to-zerops-4230816a62b4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Official

- [Create Zerops account](https://app.zerops.io/registration)
- [Zerops Documentation](https://docs.zerops.io)
- [Zerops Astro recipe](https://app.zerops.io/recipe/astro)

### Community
- [Deploying Astro to Zerops in 3 mins](https://medium.com/@arjunaditya/how-to-deploy-astro-to-zerops-4230816a62b4)
```
